Added link for unexplained topic in the book. (#1984)
glium/glium: book/tuto-08-gouraud.md

We also need to multiply the normal by the matrix, but the transformations are a bit different
and the calculation a bit weird. Since I didn't go into details about how matrices work,

> I won't go into details about why you have to use the transpose of the inverse ([click for details](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13654401/why-transform-normals-with-the-transpose-of-the-inverse-of-the-modelview-matrix)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I won't go into details about why you have to use the transpose of the inverse ([click for details](https://stackoverflow.com/q/13654401)).
```
